---
title: "Why"
bg: gray-blue
color: black
# fa-icon: bars
# style: columned
section: 'landpage'
---
<h1>Why event-driven?</h1>

<cnt>
    <p>
    Every embedded system has a real time and a reactive component. Even if not aware, engineers already code reactive applications.
    Using <strong>react.o</strong> you can do it better, with a generic framework to provide architectural foundation
    engineers can produce greatly scalable and maintainable firmwares.
    </p>
</cnt>



<cnt>
    <h2>The reactive engine</h2>
    <p>It is a <em>Main Loop</em>, with multiple <em>Event Queues</em> where <em>Handlers</em> are connected to process events.
    Complex data paths are simplified,
    concurrency is minimized while parallelism boosted and
    worst case real-time scenario is easier to estimate.
    <em>(<a href="https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754">Don't know how reactive application works?</a>)</em>
    </p>
</cnt>

<div class="container columned">
    <cnt>
        <h2>Better architecture</h2>
        <p>You break your problems in many small pieces and get a highly responsible, decoupled and scalable application.</p>
    </cnt>

    <cnt>
        <h2>Portable</h2>
        <p>It relies only on the GNU C standards and a few stdlib functions.</p>
    </cnt>

    <cnt>
        <h2>Deferred work</h2>
        <p>Use a Timed Queue to schedule jobs to run later.</p>
    </cnt>

    <cnt>
        <h2>Fast</h2>
        <p>Messaging algorithms are zero copy.</p>
    </cnt>
    <cnt>
        <h2>It is deterministic</h2>
        <p>Event handling time is deterministic. Simply setup Queues priorities to meet real-time requirements.</p>
    </cnt>
    <cnt>
        <h2>Small</h2>
        <p>It can run fine in a 16 bit micro-controller, consuming from 1 KiB of flash memory.</p>
    </cnt>

    <cnt>
        <h2>Extra Classes</h2>
        <p>You can make use of available <em>Array</em>, <em>Linked List</em>, <em>FIFO</em> and more.</p>
    </cnt>

    <cnt>
        <h2>Develop faster</h2>
        <p>Using a generic framework requires engineers to write, test and debug less code.</p>
    </cnt>
</div>
