---
title: "what is react.o"
bg: gray-blue
color: white
fa-icon: bars
style: columned
---
<cnt>
<h2>The reactive engine</h2>
<p>It is a <em>main loop</em>, with multiple <em>Event Queues</em> where <em>Handlers</em> are connected to process events.
<a href="https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754">Don't know how reactive application works?</a>
</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Better architecture</h2>
<p>You break your problems in many small Handlers and add Queues between them. This way you will have a highly responsible, decoupled and scalable application.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Queue Priorities</h2>
<p>Many available processing strategies are available to select the priority between Queues.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Deferred work</h2>
<p>Use a Timed Queue to schedule handlers to be called after a specific amount of time.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>It is SC/SP safe</h2>
<p>The default Queue can be pushed with <em>Single Consumer/Single Producer</em> safety.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Also, type safe</h2>
<p>No opaque pointers and, no type casting. Every types are checked in compile time.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Made for micro-controllers</h2>
<p>The framework is lightweight and small on footprint, it can run from 16 bit to servers.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Flexible allocations</h2>
<p>Objects instances can go either on stack, global or heap, no imposition. You can use the allocation method you prefer.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Portable</h2>
<p>No extra dependencies beside the GNU C standards and a few stdlib functions.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Lightweight</h2>
<p>The Main Loop algorithms are zero copy. Only events may get copies.</p>
</cnt>

<cnt>
<h2>Extra Classes</h2>
<p>You can make use of available <em>Array</em>, <em>Linked List</em>, <em>FIFO</em>, <em>Software Watchdog Timer</em> and more classes to come in future versions.</p>
</cnt>
